What's your name?
We agents shouldn't even ask
each other's names.
You know that.
I'm Kang Cheong-ya.
My grandfather, who was
an independence activist, named me so
hoping I'd prepare for crises.
-That's not my real name though.
-I didn't hear that.
That necklace…
Can you give it to--
No, can you sell it to me?
After another ideology education
and intensive training,
I'll have to go back to Seoul.
And I have a feeling
-that will keep me alive.
-I'm sorry,
but it's more precious
than my own life to me.
If…
If we ever meet again,
I will repay you…
for saving my life.
Did you want to see me, sir?
What I'm about to tell you
must stay between you and me
for the time being.
I understand, sir.
You'll be officially appointed
as chief of the OPC tomorrow.
Come up with 300 million dollars
with secret funds right away.
300 million dollars?
But that much money--
You know that the hostage situation
is the election scheme.
Treat it as working expenses,
and there'll be no problem.
Understood, sir.
Oh, and, let's have a drink together soon.
You're just watching this guy
ripping the squid for me.
You're witless and tactless.
You're just feisty. That's all you are.
My goodness.
Hey. What did you come here again for?
You should rest at home.
Give me the camcorder.
Right. You want to see
your daughter's face? Here.
Have one.
The camcorder.
Don't worry.
Now that we've calmed down the parents,
once we receive the camcorder,
everything will go--
-They didn't send it out yet?
-God, you startled me.
Those bastards just wouldn't listen to me.
How can I make them--
This damn bastard.
You bastard! What's taking you so long?
Send the camcorder out!
Fine.
Send Han-na in.
I think a bowl of chicken soup
will heal me. No, it's okay!
What kind of chicken soup
do the South eat?
Chicken soup.
Chicken soup?
Samgyetang? Or old plain chicken soup?
Along with 50 fried chickens.
What?
Fried chicken?
Are you out of your mind?
What a nerve they've got.
After the explosion, what?
The reporters will find it odd too.
Sending in fried chicken after a gunfight…
Look. Just be grateful
for what we give you.
We'll send in some snacks--
We can send them in
without the reporters knowing.
It's possible if we use
the exit in the shrine.
I'll make sure they won't find out.